# Theria — 2026-02

*PBP transcript archived by PathWarsNudge bot.*

---

**chaotic canadian** (2026-02-01 16:03:51):
*[image]* (for varalia's sense motive)

**chaotic canadian** (2026-02-01 16:04:36):
( @Linksanelf2006 sorry to ping)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-02 18:41:06):
Varalia is unable to get a read on what Atrix is doing, but after a hard blink, her face shifts to something less serious.

"I apologize, I thought I sensed another nearby, but I was incorrect." She says, meeting Berekit's eyes. "You require supplies, yes?" This was said more as a self-checklist than a question. 

She walks over to the side of the guard house and kneels over a patch of earth. She places a small seed into a hand-scooped hole and covers it. She then chants a few unknown words, and a plant starts to grow. Within moments, a bud appears and then blooms into a vibrant gold-colored lily. Its stamen glitters in the light, with the anther looking more like a jewel than anything else. She gives the flower a gentle caress before plucking it. She walks back to the group and offers it to them. It is a flower made of solid gold and gemstones, probably worth 50 gold pieces based on size and weight, maybe more to a buyer who can appreciate its beauty.

"This should be enough to procure supplies for your journey. I would offer more, but I do not wish to draw too much attention."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-03 17:38:16):
*[image]* i will say i got really lucky

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-03 17:42:52):
Varalia learns from her conversations with various people in the city that the swamplands south of here have been expanding slowly over the past couple of decades, to the point that a village was engulfed three years ago. 

There are also various rumors of dangerous creatures in the swamp, ranging from things as terrifying as a dragon, to giant blood sucking leeches. It is widely believed that a hag lives in the swamp and that she commands a creature that can turn people to stone.

**chaotic canadian** (2026-02-03 17:48:17):
Varalia acknowledged the information she gathered would make her way back to the party, as she'd then go on to tell them what she'd learned in case it could be helpful to them, "so it seems we are going into a potentially dangerous area. What I shall note, though, is that we are probably good at dealing with these threats. I might not be a full-fledged doctor, but I am a forensic investigator, so I can help treat or address any diseases or wounds that may occur. I will not say I can do everything, of course."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-03 23:59:06):
Days pass as you wait for Captain Valerius to call you before the barracks in the military district of the city. When the call finally comes, it proves to be quite uneventful. 

"Well," The captain greets you, "turns out your reports were thorough enough for the higher-ups, and they have decided that meeting with you will bear no additional information. Sorry to have kept you all here for so long for nothing." He snaps a look at a familiar goblin who walks up and removes symbols from your hands.

"You are free to leave. May Atrix bless your travels." He offers a firm handshake.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-04 15:16:15):
Heron hesitantly takes his said and asks 
"Sorry, could you please repeat that last part again? Since the cave my left ear's been strange"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-04 18:25:04):
"You are free to leave." He repeats as he gives your arm a solid shake. 

Outside the entrance of the barracks, you can see Atrix, still in the 'commoner' look she was in earlier that week. She appears to be waiting for you, though she does not seem pressed for time either.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-04 18:33:40):
Heron shakes the hand of the Captain, then puts his hands on his hips.  
"Very well, then, we'll take our leave. What do you say Berekit, we ready to set off?"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-02-04 20:37:25):
"I was able to copy one of the scrolls we captured and did a little work.  I think I would be ready to head out and attempt to steal some god power."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-05 21:04:17):
Upon leaving the barracks, Atrix immediately turns and starts leading you towards the edge of the city. She speaks to you as she does. "It seems the dwarf has decided to abandon the quest. Perhaps removing Nith's influence from them proved more stressful than it had seemed. But time is short, and we cannot wait any longer. I do have another plan."

Exiting through the southern gate, her appearance changes back to the initial form you had seen at the college. She walks up to a leafy bush and seems to whisper to it. It slowly begins to glow and shake loose from the ground, shifting into a bipedal form. Branches form into arms and legs, leaves rustle together into a shape of a cloak, and two large eyes pop out of bark that breaks into something that resembles a face. The plant-like creature has a small bow with a quiver of stone-tipped arrows on its back, and a small blade made of sharpened stone hanging off its side, barely visible beneath its cloak of leaves.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-05 21:04:58):
*[image]*

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-05 21:06:57):
Atrix looks at the two of you and introduces the creature. "This is Leaf. They will aid you on your journey for now. I have imbued as much of my grace as I can afford into them, so hopefully they will be of use."

Leaf looks up at the two of you and says, "I am Leaf."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-06 16:17:35):
Heron, completely wide eyed stares at the new creature "You were just....  Created? Doesn't that usually take 9 months?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-06 17:00:35):
Leaf tilts her head inquisitively at Heron, "I am Leaf?"

Atrix's face makes a noticeable pout. "Hmm... It seems I focused on other aspects and didn't give them much intelligence."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-06 17:03:13):
Heron looks to Atrix. "If leaf can barely speak, what can they do?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-06 17:08:23):
Leaf begins to haphazardly climb up your body, barely weighing anything at all, and eventually makes it to your shoulder and sits upon it. It pats you on the head with a rather joyous expression. "I am Leaf!"

Atrix sighs a bit and responds. "I wanted you to have a companion that could provide services that your..." She looks over at your large and Berekit's even larger stature, "builds... would find difficult to address."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-06 17:09:29):
Suddenly and with a start heron grabs his coin pouch, almsot knocking the critter from his shoulders. "If he can't speak, how do we make sure of his.. It's? Services?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-06 17:09:33):
I'll take a perception check from anyone who wishes to make one.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-06 17:11:19):
*[image]*

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-06 17:11:55):
Though you didn't notice then, but certainly do now, your coin pouch is not where you had placed it.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-06 17:13:01):
Heron whispers under his breathe, not loud enough to for everyone to hear, "god damn he's good"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-06 17:13:23):
You do, however, hear a distinct jingling sound coming from Leaf as you move about.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-06 17:14:51):
Atrix will speak further, "I also gave it an impeccable sense of direction. So you should find it difficult to get lost on your way."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-06 17:19:06):
Leaf raises and arm and points away from the city, south, "I am Leaf!"

Atrix smiles, this time with a little pride, "I will watch over you all whenever I can." With that last phrase, she crumbles into a pile of leaves and an western wind picks up and carries the leaves away.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-06 17:22:10):
Heron, seemingly satisfied that Atrix, the god, didn't hear his curse and looks towards leaf. "Very well little Leaf. Lead the way!"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-02-06 17:35:51):
Berekit watches leaf demonstrate her dexterity as it removed Heron's coin pouch.  He looked away as he snorted to hide his amusement.  "Thank you Atrix.  I am sure Leaf will be a major help.  Especially given the spaces they have access to."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-06 20:04:01):
A few days pass as your group heads south towards Wanhoop Swamp. Food and water were easily scavenged, and your new companion, Leaf, appears to indeed have an impeccable sense of direction. 

The swamp's environment is a stark contrast to the bright and fresh, hilly fields you have crossed to get here. It is dark, damp, and smells foul. Even though the dwarf had chosen a different path, they did part ways with the information they had gathered, and you know that a village lies somewhere not too far in. 

You eventually come to an area with what seems to be a rocky bridge spanning a sunken pit of rot and algae. Upon that bridge, as you near it, is a large... chicken? It's not quite so, its wings are leathery rather than feathered, and it looks like its skin is sloughing off a bit. It hears your loud footsteps and turns towards you. It emits a loud screech before fanning its wings, seemingly preparing to charge.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-06 20:05:38):
Your team wins the initiative

ACTED:
none:

UNACTED: 
Berekit - @Ravnos1 
Heron - @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss 
Leaf

If you need Leaf to do something first, let me know, and I will have it do so. Consider it a more advanced minion with 3 actions and doesn't take an action to command.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-06 20:12:18):
Shielded Taunt
Raise the walls
Demoralize. 

Heron brings his shield up to formation, and immedietely stands in front of leaf to protect the smaller fellow. He whispers a quick prayer 
"Dyrena protect me as you have protected me before. Dyrena deliver all harm t'would befall me onto the ether" and then starts shouting at the beast. 

"C'mon you ugly cluck, did live in the swamp so long you started to turn to mud??"

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-06 20:14:07):
*[image]* 7, or 3 if the creature can't understand my words.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-06 21:14:21):
The creature doesn't seem to understand what you are trying to communicate to it.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-02-07 06:53:34):
Berekit nocks an arrow and calls upon the quills of a porcupine to fly with his arrow. (spellstrike with gouging claw) However the creature, ducks its head at the last moment and his arrow misses.  Stamping his left hoof in frustration he enters into his arcade stance as needles of energy flicker around him.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-09 17:21:29):
Leaf, picking up on the cues from Heron, steps back and quickly draws its bow and fires a volley of two arrows. Only one strikes the beast. 
Step -> Quick Draw Shortbow (23 attack(hero point used)), hit (6 damage) -> Strike (11attack), miss

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-09 17:23:44):
The creature charges at Heron and pecks viscously at him, and if it were not for deflecting the attack with their shield, contact would have been made (I used your shield block, hope that's okay. If not, let me know.)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-09 17:24:26):
Round 2:

ACTED:
none:

UNACTED: 
Berekit - @Ravnos1 
Heron - @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss 
Leaf

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-02-10 01:19:33):
Berekit stands his ground pulling a new arrow as he recharges his spellstrike.  He again releases with Gouging claw calling upon the winds of fate (hero point reroll) to strike the cockatrice. (total of 4 piercing and 2  bleed)

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-10 16:01:42):
Retrieve Item
Shielding Taunt
Trip

Heron grabs his gaff out of his belt, and bangs it on his shield. He tries to go for the leg of the creature to knock it off balance, but the creature jumps over his attempt (16)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-10 17:59:24):
Leaf drops their bow and darts behind the mutated chicken, their shortsword drawn for a precise strike at one of the creature's vitals.
Drop -> Stride -> Stride -> Quick Draw Shortsword (26 attack), hit (11 damage)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-10 18:08:26):
The angry chicken unleashes a flurry of pecks at Heron. The first peck found its way into a crack of Heron's armor, but was unable to dig deep enough to break through his calloused skin. The second peck failed to penetrate Heron's shielded stance. But in its frustration, the creature found a means to temporarily mount Heron's shield and land a hard peck near his eye.

————
Peck (25 attack), hit (1 damage, prevented by Heron's resistance to physical attacks) -> Peck (17 attack), miss -> Peck (Nat 20, 25 attack), critical hit (14 damage, 2 prevented by resistance) 

Once again, I shield blocked for you, so you took 7 damage, and the shield also took 7 damage. If you would rather take the full damage, please let me know.

I rolled your Fortitude save to keep the game moving; you succeeded.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-10 18:08:36):
Round 3:

ACTED:
none:

UNACTED: 
Berekit - @Ravnos1 
Heron - @Mossssssssssssssssssssssssss 
Leaf

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-02-10 18:54:01):
(Did you apply the 2 bleed?)

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-10 19:01:03):
Shielding Taunt
Trip
Trip
Heron keeps bashing his shield, hoping his damnnest to distract the beast, going for two more trips that just about miss the creature's feet

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-10 19:01:13):
(21 and 21)

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-02-11 00:52:27):
Berekit continues to use Heron as a lizard bird road block as he shoots down over him to pierce its scaley hide.  *Recharge Spellstrike **Spellstrike with gouging claw. (5 piercing+11 Piercing and 2 bleed)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-11 17:13:04):
With Heron keeping the bird busy and Berekit dealing a heavy blow, staggering the beast, Leaf was able to plunge their shortsword into the creature twice, bringing it down. They look at their bloody hands and cloak, and then back up at the two of you, "I am Leaf?"

Strike (18 attack), hit (11 damage) -> Strike (23 attack), hit (10 damage)

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-11 17:13:13):
End of Combat

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-11 17:17:47):
Heron almost slaps himself with his hand to try to cover the peck wound, and blurts out "What in the gods was that??"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-02-11 17:21:58):
It appeared to be hostile so I didn't take time to try to identify it with our new memories.  Perhaps now we can study it?

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-11 17:43:38):
Now that the creature is no longer flapping about, and you get a good look at it, you both recognize it as a Cockatrice. This information came along with a brief twang of pain in your heads as your memories try to sort through two lifetimes worth. 

This one looks particularly hardy, and noticeably larger than what you have heard. The most notable aspect of a Cockatrice is their ability to petrify a person with their pecks.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-11 17:45:33):
Upon remembering this information, heron prompty runs to the nearest body of water, in an attempt to look at his reflection. Does the peck near his eye have any stoneish texture around it?

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-11 17:46:50):
Although there is a sizeable gash across your cheek, you see no indication of calcification.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-11 17:48:42):
Leaf will approach you, pulling out what appears to be bandages made of plant fibers from a bag beneath its cloak. "I am Leaf?"

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-11 18:40:26):
"oh fuck" heron whispers under his breathe before he steels himself. "Another one of Lady Dyrena's blessings. To face such a creature and not get turned to stone." He stands back to his full height, and points himself towards leaf. "Oh leaf. Yeah I'll take a bandage."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-11 18:45:24):
Leaf climbs up to a position on Heron to be able to treat his wound. (11 HP recovered) "I am Leaf!" they exclaim when finished and hops back to the muddy floor.

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-02-11 18:50:59):
Berekit watched Leaf try their herbal bandages.  "You did well there Leaf, Thank you."  To Heron, "we should probably keep an eye out in case it had a mate."  Berekit will designate prey for a cockatrice and try to determine if there are more in the area.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-11 21:27:54):
Heron, lightly tapping at the tree and leaf based poultice around his eye thinks to himself, almost silently "I should get a helmet....." Before he perks up, and speaks aloud "So leaf, why did we come this way? Have we far to go yet?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-11 21:34:57):
Leaf looks around, gathering their bearings, and eventually points in a direction. "I am Leaf!" it says before picking up their bow and marching off in that direction.

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-12 16:54:51):
Eventually, Leaf guides your group to a mid-sized, worse-for-wear village. The five or so dozen mud-stained buildings have varying degrees of damage. Some have large cracks in their walls, and others have collapsed sections. 

It looks nearly deserted, with only two people in view, arguing over what looks like a broken stall, a pile of muddied food scattered about it. There is no sound of children, or any other noise that would normally be heard in a village this size. Your group does notice that there are other people residing within the buildings, as you pass by windows, holes, and cracks. Many carry faces full of melancholy, staring at some damaged part of their home or business.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-13 15:18:42):
Weary, Heron holds his shield at attention, "Leaf, how much further until we get where we are going?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-13 15:43:22):
Turning to you, Leaf points up and says "I am Leaf?", your group can see the night sky now that there is far less tree coverage above. The darkness within swamp made it difficult to distinguish night from day, and seeing the stars above reminds you that your group must have been trekking through that swamp for nearly the entire day. You feel the fatigue from your journey begin to set in. 

A sign, hanging by a single piece of rotting rope hangs above a doorway to a structure in disrepair a few buildings deep. 'INN.'

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-02-13 16:29:30):
"This place feels like it has been lost to time and forgotten, Heron.  I have a bad feeling something may be wrong here." Berekit looks the place over once more.  "However,  we do need a dry place to rest our hooves.  That place might offer some solace.  Leaf?  Do you sense anything strange?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-13 18:52:58):
Leaf looks at you, confused. They do not seem to understand what you are asking about.

But as asked, you noticed something small dart behind a nearby building. It was a blur, but its head was disproportionately large compared to its body.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-14 09:05:25):
Heron scratches his head. "I don't know Berekit, I agree with resting our hooves, so to speak, but this place gives me the creeps"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-02-14 23:56:20):
"Well the only way to find answers is to move forward.  I agree this place feels off.  However the inn appears to be the most likely place to learn anything."  Berekit begins to move towards the Inn.  "Leaf if you wish to ride upon my back to avoid the muck you may."

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-18 19:20:03):
Leaf crawls onto your back and gives off a cheerful-looking expression. They give gentle pats on your back while humming a tune.

The inn, although in disarray, does have a warmth to it. The decor is colorful and clean, even though much of it has noticeable damage. The innkeeper pops their head from behind a door barely hanging on its hinges. A bald dwarven man, with a hefty gray beard, whose skin looks almost like a pale ash, produces a wry smile. "Well, I didn't imagine having any other guests today." As he says this, his golden eyes look towards another character sitting in the dining area (@ChaseDarkthorne). 

"How can I help you?" He looks at your group more closely and notices that Berekit is having difficulty getting into the doorway. "Uh... We have a stable outside. I'll be sure to give it a good cleaning if you're interested." He pulls out a ledger from his desk, the furniture making an audible squeak as he does so. "I will have to apologize. It seems the entire town is falling apart... It will be 2 copper for the stable and 7 copper per bed. 

We also have one private room available, though the lock got busted, so its rate is 4 silver. It has our best bedding. 

If you prepay for your meals, it will be one copper per meal. Times are listed on the sign." He indicates a sign next to the dining area. "Otherwise, it will be two copper per meal. It's nothing too fancy, but the ingredients are fresh and nourishing."

He finally notices the small plant person in your party and follows up, "If you share the bed with it, it won't count as an extra bed."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-02-19 03:12:13):
"I hope the stable has a wooden floor to block the moisture of the swamp from rotting my hooves.  But I will take it.  Can you advise how far away the next town is in this region?" Berekit will rumage and pull out a silver and 2 copper and offer it for the rooms and at least a meal for now.  he also looks towards the stranger in the inn to try to get a read on him.  "Good evening friend."

**Chase Darkthorne | #04 Consulting Detective Báyakan |C07** (2026-02-19 04:51:44):
The figure already in the dining area is a hobgoblin. Steely skin gleams as he looks up from vials that he had been working with. Putting his work aside for the moment, he greets the the centaur. He sounds educated, if a little stiff.

"Evening, traveler. Headed into the marshlands?"

**Chase Darkthorne | #04 Consulting Detective Báyakan |C07** (2026-02-19 04:52:08):
*[image]* Quacksalver

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-02-19 13:34:27):
"Unfortunately, Yes.  We are seeking an answer to a question that might seem off when asked.  Are you from this region?"

**Chase Darkthorne | #04 Consulting Detective Báyakan |C07** (2026-02-19 17:01:40):
The hob shakes his head. "No. The roots of these swamps have, shall we say, medicinal value. Would your company perhaps benefit from better living through alchemy? I do find myself better funded when there are patients to tend to."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-24 15:22:43):
"How much alchemy are we talking about? I'm good with a bandage or poultice but brewing and potions escape my abilities." Heron is intrigued

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-24 21:37:15):
Heron immediately starts shaking his head when he hears mutagens and says "nope nope nope nope I've had enough of mutants and changes and magic, keep that well the way away from me I don't want to turn into a ghost! We still don't know what happened to Waldemar and Ali!"

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-24 21:37:59):
He looks to berekit and says "Cmon berekit you can't be considering this!"

**Chase Darkthorne | #04 Consulting Detective Báyakan |C07** (2026-02-24 21:44:42):
Taken aback by the reaction, the hobgoblin mixes a vial. Quaffing it, he allows the formula to go to work. In moments, the man's arms extend to an unnatural length and take on a rubbery quality. 

"While the process can be quite alarming, I do assure you. Any changes wrought by these handy elixirs are entirely temporary. Watch. This will wear off in mere minutes. Besides. If you would rather benefit merely from the healing formulae, I can always keep patient preferences in mind."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-24 22:04:29):
Heron hides behind Berekit (I'm not at my computer but I would roll a stealth check)

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-02-24 22:07:30):
Berekit looks back at Heron.  "With what we have seen this alchemy is not really any stranger that that.  Remember alchemy existed when there was no arcane magic so I doubt it is something to be afraid of.  More to be wary of the one mixing."  He looks back towards the hobgoblin. "Perhaps we agree to stick to the more traditional applications of bombs and physics until we get to know you better."  Berekit dances briefly as Heron tries to hide behind him.  Then watches the hobgoblin arms grow.  "Though I am sure there are soldiers who would pay a good silver for a potion like that to make other limbs grow."

**Chase Darkthorne | #04 Consulting Detective Báyakan |C07** (2026-02-24 22:33:09):
He shrugs a bit. "I also make a potent coffee, basic remedies for toxin, disease, and nausea. The mutagens can certainly be reserved for myself, until and unless other patients are comfortable."

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-02-25 02:18:45):
"Alright Heron, He has to come with us, he makes coffee!"

**Chase Darkthorne | #04 Consulting Detective Báyakan |C07** (2026-02-25 12:04:42):
"Quacksalver, by name and trade." 

Before the bendy arm effect fades, he reaches out for introductory handshakes from ten feet away. His grip is a tad loose from the mutagen.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-25 15:31:11):
"Berekit, he literally calls himself a quack. We can't trust his coffee! What if it turns your teeth rubbery?? I dont know how to undo rubbery teeth Berekit!"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-02-25 19:00:44):
"That would be an advantage in a bar fight.  Would not have to worry about someone knocking them out."

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-25 19:08:24):
"WHAT ABOUT APPLES BEREKIT. WHAT ABOUT APPLES"

**Chase Darkthorne | #04 Consulting Detective Báyakan |C07** (2026-02-25 19:45:26):
"My good man. "Quack" is simply short for "Quacksalver." Which is turn merely means chemist with intent to dispense. Now the coffee will certainly not turn your teeth, nor any part of you rubbery. I'm certainly willing to drink any of my own concoctions before you, so that you may fully understand their effects. The coffee is merely mildly addictive. No harsh side effects at all after a day or two without it. And some benefits when coffee is called for!"

The hobgoblin continues to grin. He seems a bit oblivious to how untrustworthy the expression might look to someone backing concerns, but his offer to demonstrate his products seems genuine enough.

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-25 19:48:23):
Heron narrows his eyes, and tries to refocus the conversation. 
"I'll stay far far away from these "Addictive substances" of yours. Back to the original question though, Are you a local?"

**Carnon | Oscar (previously known as Ross)** (2026-02-25 19:55:00):
"Well do you happen to know if any cults are around these parts?"

**Tyler Link, Hero of Time |#4 Akuma | #6 Kieran** (2026-02-25 20:43:27):
As if on cue, your group hears a loud crack, followed by the words "Curses!" It was the dwarf innkeeper, he's holding a broom, broken into two pieces. "That's the second one this month!"

**Bruce/Ravnos1 | Chua Datafang SF** (2026-02-26 04:13:13):
"One or two things breaking would be a coincidence, but based on the state of this small village.  I think there may be something more going on. "  He turns towards the inn keeper.  "How long has this been going on things randomly breaking?"

**Link** (2026-02-26 20:27:14):
The man turns towards you, dropping the broken pieces of the broom in clear annoyance. He then scratches his bald head, his eyes shifting in thought as if he is watching his memories go by. 

"Well, our village sinking into the swamp those years ago certainly didn't help our situation regarding the village's overall structures, but now that you mention it, I would say that we had started noticing a significant increase in damage about two weeks ago."

**Chase Darkthorne** (2026-02-26 21:02:16):
Quacksalver gets up from the table he had been sitting at, and retrieves the pieces of broom handle for closer examination. A typical hardwood broom handle is often good for years of use, but perhaps this one had some visible structural fault.

**Moss** (2026-02-26 21:23:09):
Heron puts a hand on his chin, thoughtfully. "Two weeks is about the time she N'ith was released, if I'm to guess." He looks at the broom as Quack is inspecting it. 
"What does she have against brooms though?"

**Chase Darkthorne** (2026-02-26 21:41:23):
"N'ith?" The hobgoblin eyes the broken wood with an air of detachment.

**Bruce** (2026-02-26 21:47:05):
"A sibling to the gods who was imprisoned.  Personification of magic and change.  Which change can be destruction.  Perhaps what we are seeking is the source of this corruption."

**Link** (2026-02-26 21:53:37):
Quack's initial determination is that the broom broke due to a material flaw that made it more likely to break under use, possibly a large internal crack in the shaft. It's incredible that the location would be in just a spot that the crafter wouldn't have been able to notice.

**Chase Darkthorne** (2026-02-26 22:28:18):
"So you gentlemen are telling me that a "god" was released from imprisonment. And somehow has destabilized this general area?"

The hob seems to gather himself. His arms return to their normal length and look just before he mixes up something else to swig. Evidently something less physically dramatic, this time.

**Moss** (2026-02-27 19:19:21):
Herons takes a breath, and prepares to explain in detail. In the end though, only a big breathy "Yeap" comes out, and he goes back to thoughtfully stroking his chin to the thought of brooms being anathema to this new strange god.

**Link** (2026-02-27 23:34:21):
The dwarf just looks at your group, shakes his head in mild disbelief, and begins to walk out the door. "Your beds are down the hall on your left. I'll be right back. Got to get a new broom if I'm gonna clean the stall."

**Bruce** (2026-02-28 00:53:51):
Before moving off Berekit will cast detect magic to see if he senses anything nearby.

