# Riddleport — 2026-02

*PBP transcript archived by PathWarsNudge bot.*

---

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-09 03:08:28):
@Nemesiux 

The woman glances up at you, raises an eyebrow and says casually:

"Can I help you?
If not, I'm pretty sure Marlo is coming your way and I'd rather you didn't get your blood 
... Or whatever you have inside you ... On my books and my robes, I just cleaned them with a deep cleansing spell."

**Lunnes** (2026-02-09 06:42:07):
Gobu is shaking at the sight of Necrila, he been a animist connected with the spirits of can faintly hear wisper of Necrilas fallen foes.

**Lunnes** (2026-02-09 06:43:43):
The poor Gobu can only gather enough corage to wisper "please, don't kill me" as his eyes begin to tear up.

**Capricious | Riddleport Lenma Moonshine** (2026-02-09 07:10:05):
She then stared down at the empty shot glass in her hands, a slight stain of royal blue she usually can’t afford still at the bottom of the glass.

“Um, how much did this cost…? HOW MUCH HAVE I HAD?!”

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-12 08:06:32):
.

**Ryo Yamakawa | #1 Rax | #6 Fierce Leopard Cyrus** (2026-02-12 14:49:47):
"And there it hits her."

Rax shakes his head before putting an arm over the suddenly frantic feline."

"It was 'free'. You didn't pay attention to what our compatriot said just a couple of minutes ago, you just slammed it down. It was a trust shot so be glad it just a stimulant, tasty as it ended up being. Maybe I need consider that when I..."

He kind of trails off after that as he seems to be considering options to improve his line of medicines and supplements in his shop.

**Capricious | Riddleport Lenma Moonshine** (2026-02-12 15:02:05):
The stimulant was noticeably taking effect as the sleepy catfolk’s eyes had never been so open, almost vibrating in her seat as she stared at Rax, waiting for him to finish the thought— nah, scratch that, the impulses come first.

“The fuck’s a stimulant? Is it, like…” she taps a finger to her stained chain in contemplation. “When you stick with a piece of lint?”

**Ryo Yamakawa | #1 Rax | #6 Fierce Leopard Cyrus** (2026-02-13 01:54:27):
Rax pauses in his thoughts by the weird thoughts coming out of Moonshine's mouth.

"Umm...no. Stimulants, to put it simply, make you more alert and give you more energy. Think stuff like coffee and tea. But this stuff is stronger and when you come down from it you'll probably be pretty tired."

**Horia/Mike/Michael/Nem (Selenor) [Pathfinder]** (2026-02-13 01:58:48):
Necrila somewhat confused asks " I felt a magical attraction to you. What is your name lady? Mine is Necrilla, daughter of the.... warden (warden being pronounced in necril). Are you perhaps some sort of enchantress or sin wizard?"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-14 15:58:41):
Callie, to Rax:
"Thank you for handling that. 
She hasn't changed."

Callie crouches slightly to be eye level with Moonshine:
"Listen to me. 
The man upstairs? 
He's coming down. 
For him."

Callie Duskbarrel nods in the direction of Beltias in chains:
"So you sit tight. 

You behave. 

And for the love of every god that tolerates you, Lenma...
Do NOT call him a nickname."

@CapriciousC 
@RyoYamakawa

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-14 16:02:41):
The woman looks up from her book properly for the first time.
She studies Necrila's face.
The shark teeth. 
The void-shell features. 
The severed heads.
She doesn't flinch. 
She seems... curious.
She says, narrowing her eyes:
"Why? Who are you?" 

She closes the book around one finger to hold her page and says, a bit annoyed:
"And no. 
I am not some enchantress. 
Not a sin wizard, well I mean... Not yet."

She taps the cover of her book. 
The title is in sin script:
"Cyphermage initiate. 
I study old magic, not practice it.
No one can just.... Use sin magic."

She tilts her head, clearly having a thought then says:
"You said you felt a magical attraction. 
To me?"

A pause. 
The amber pendant catches the brazier light.
She says, frowning:
"That's... unusual. 
I'm not carrying anything that should register to detection magic."
She is not afraid, she is Intellectually bothered:
"What exactly did you feel?"
She asks you like a doctor asks a patient.
Or more accurately, like a surgeon asking where to cut...

@Nemesiux 
@Aiiden101

**Lunnes** (2026-02-14 20:19:43):
Gobu desides to stay, but he tries to stay out of sight, which is not hard since he's short.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-14 20:22:09):
@LuNneS_B 
@Nemesiux 

The cyphermage girl says:

"Gobu, right? 
I heard Marlo had some goblin hired muscle..."

**Lunnes** (2026-02-14 20:25:48):
Gobu eyes wide open, he pokes his head out and look at the mage.
"How did you know I was here?"

**Lunnes** (2026-02-14 20:41:02):
"Hummmmm" Gobu's face blushes and his tail get between his legs "I can be subtle, when I don't meet someone who clearly killed more people then a town can have whom danmed spirits still whispering about their deaths while following their killer"

**Lunnes** (2026-02-14 20:43:37):
He shakes his head and changes subject "She says that you use Sin magic, I don't like the name of it, you should be careful with what you poke your nose into. There are thing that should NOT be tempered with."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-14 20:55:53):
The cypher mage girl is looking at you properly now.

**Lunnes** (2026-02-14 21:00:20):
"I didn't mean to strick a nerve, though you big folk can have a temper, and that is something coming from a goblin" Gobu is clearly looking for scape routes just in case, "And that is a warning, I also dwell into the mystic and occult, and I learned by the hard way to be careful with what you do or, in my case, commune"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-15 23:40:08):
.

**Lunnes** (2026-02-16 11:37:42):
"Hope so, for your sake!" he leaves the hind out and is looking propaly towards Eliola "My name is Gobu, Gobu Rin and how you pointed before, I was hired by Marlo, though more like aid then muscle, and you, Wizard, may I know your name?"

**Ryo Yamakawa | #1 Rax | #6 Fierce Leopard Cyrus** (2026-02-17 04:44:51):
Rax nods his head and chuckled.

"It's no problem. She's not too much unlike some of the younger members of the warren I used to belong to. Except less sober."

**Lunnes** (2026-02-19 07:35:08):
"Well, I guess all be going, I wanna see the band more up close, by Ellie" and with that, Gobu goes to see the band with his tail no more between his legs

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-19 16:04:26):
Gobu.

On your way to the band, something catches your eye.

Bolted to the wall between two braziers is a brass cabinet about your height. 

Dented. 

Scratched. 

Someone has carved:
"JAMMING PIECE OF SHIT" into the side in Common.

A coin slot sits about halfway down the machine.

The majority of this clockwork arcane machine is a glass window that shows you mechanical arm resting inside, surrounded by little compartments holding various items: 

Bandages, a vial of something greenish, a few sticks of salted meats, what looks like a dose of flayleaf and a tiny bottle labelled "LIQUID COURAGE."

There's more products as you look down the machine: potions, elixirs, anything with the consumable trait.

A sign across the top reads:
"GAS FORGE PROVISIONS." 

There's instructions:
"INSERT COIN, 
RECEIVE GOODS, 
NO REFUNDS, 
NO COMPLAINTS." 

@LuNneS_B

**Lunnes** (2026-02-19 18:27:00):
Gobu approchs the machine, "Why not" he says and he inserts a coin

**Lunnes** (2026-02-19 18:31:29):
the vial of something greenish

**Lunnes** (2026-02-20 19:38:29):
yes

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 03:56:12):
Groaning sounds.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 03:56:15):
Machine sounds.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 03:56:22):
Mechanism spinning sounds.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 03:56:31):
The brass arm of the machine moves.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 03:56:38):
The arm picks up the green vial.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 03:56:51):
As it grabs the green vial... it jams.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 03:57:03):
The arm sputters. Shakes. Knocks a second item loose from the SAME SHELF.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 03:57:08):
Both tumble into the tray with a clatter.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 03:57:11):
Two for one.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 03:57:20):
But something is off.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 03:57:35):
Same row of items.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 03:57:40):
But one vial is green liquid.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 03:57:45):
One vial is red liquid.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 03:58:02):
You look closer at the row of items you selected.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 03:58:05):
All red vials.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 03:58:11):
Like one of the vials you just gotten.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 03:59:22):
All of them are red. Every single one.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 03:59:57):
The red vial has a small label:

"MODERATE HEALING POTION. 

Gas Forge Provisions. 

Drink when hurt and/or physically injured. 

Do not drink when dead, corpses unaffected."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 04:00:13):
The green vial has no label.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 04:00:20):
No product name. 

No dosage instructions. 

No branding.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 04:00:54):
The liquid inside is thick. 

Dark green, almost black in the brazier light. 

It moves when you tilt the vial, but slowly. 

Like it doesn't want to.

Like sludge or tar or dirty water.

It smells faintly of wet fur and copper.

This was not supposed to be in this machine.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 04:01:00):
And yet, it doesn't seem like poison.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 04:01:32):
In fact, if seems VERY similar to the moderate healing potion but almost as if someone had changed it/altered it/expanded upon it.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 04:01:42):
It is very unclear what it does but...

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 04:02:02):
@LuNneS_B 

You get a moderate healing potion and a dark green mystery potion from the vending machine. :)

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 04:47:04):
.

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 04:50:39):
https://t.me/Path_Wars/66154/131927

In response to Rax (@RyoYamakawa):

Callie looks at Rax.

A look of recognition is in Callie Dusk-Barrel's eyes. 

The look of someone who has also cared for such lost, chaotic and misunderstood creatures and helped them to survive.

Callie Dush-Barrel:
"Less sober. 
That tracks."

Callie straightens up and says to Rax:

"What was your name again?

And please, keep an eye on her today. 

Please."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 04:58:56):
https://t.me/Path_Wars/66154/131337

In response to Lenma Moonshine (@CapriciousC).

Callie Dusk-Barrel turns from Rax to Lenma Moonshine and says:

"Please Lenma, his name is Marlo.

MAR. LO.

Not Mario. 

Not Marly. 

Not Mar-Mar. 

Not whatever else your whiskers are cooking up in there.

You're lucky he was busy when you were working here or else he might have a bad impression of you and fuck this all up for your friends here."

Callie looks at the ceiling:

"Sweet Calistra, Marlo is coming to see the man in chains, Lenma. 

Your prisoner. 

The one you lot dragged in here.

A very wanted man."

Callie leans in close enough that only Moonshine can hear:

"If you call him Mario to his face, I cannot protect you. 

I want you to be safe.

He is not a bad man, but he is a Crime-Lord, a lot of the city.

First impressions matter."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 05:01:55):
Callie Dusk-Barrel seems a bit nervous to look at Beltias and instead says to Rax and Lenma:

"Also your spooky undead friend is off having a chat, you might want to..."

Callie looks over properly at what Necrila is up to and looks shocked:

"Moonshine, your mate is talking to 3 of Marlo's hired muscle. Yikes!"

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-24 11:10:40):
Mira will follow that up with an accusatory:
"And what? You think Gillmen naming is better?"

**Lunnes** (2026-02-24 18:48:53):
*[image]*

**Lunnes** (2026-02-24 18:50:53):
*[image]* it's a 10 with guidence. sh*t

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-28 01:48:25):
https://t.me/Path_Wars/133428/133508

Callie nods.

Callie:

"Rax. I'll remember that.

I won't ask about the Drumish Dasher. 

I won't ask about the bad terms.

This is Riddleport. 

Everyone left somewhere on bad terms."

**Path Wars** [GM] (2026-02-28 01:49:34):
Calli continues:

"Moonshine? A handful? A handful then some is putting it gently."

Callie Dusk-Barrel glances at Moonshine.

Callie:
"She got fired from here, you know. My bar. For being too drunk. On shift."

A moment passes.

Callie:
"I rehired her the next morning. 
She didn't show up."

Another moment.

Callie:
"That was two years ago. 
She still owes me an apology."

@RyoYamakawa @CapriciousC

**Ryo Yamakawa** (2026-02-28 02:13:34):
"Thank you. I know it's normal here to keep such things quiet, but there are always those who can't resist asking."

**Ryo Yamakawa** (2026-02-28 02:14:55):
Rax chuckles and shakes his head.

"Good luck on getting that out of her."

